This is a step-by-step guide on creating a remote connection between a fresh Raspberry Pi and
a laptop, so that the user can connect and code from their personal computer. This is also the first step in configuring 
a Raspberry Pi out of the box.
*Note* This requires an ethernet cord, an external mouse, monitor an external keyboard.
1. Download VNC Viewer to your main computer
	VNC Viewer is what I used to connect to the Raspberry Pi. 
	Note that should download VNC to what you want to control from (not raspberry pi)
	Walk through installation
	When you are done, open VNC Viewer. You should see a screen matching VNCmenu.png
2. Unbox and assemble the Raspberry Pi
	This is fairly straightforward and is described in the startup manual that comes with the rasperry pi.
	Nothing should need to be forced, if you have trouble, please view these videos.
3. Setup your Raspberry pi
	Plug in the monitor, mouse, keyboard and powercord to get the Raspberry Pi's homescreen
	up on the monitor. You'll need to varify that certain software is installed on the Raspberry Pi.
4. Run some basic commands on the raspberry pi, to make sure VNC viewer is enabled on the raspberry pi
	sudo apt-get update
	sudo apt-get isntall dnsmasq
	sudo apt-get install realvnc-vnc-server realvnc-vnc-viewer
5. Edit the netowrk interfaces file using the terminal. Open using sudo nano /etc/network/interfaces
	Find the line iface eth0 inet dhcp
	Comment out the above line (using a #) and add the following lines
	auto eth0
	iface eth0 inet static
	address 169.254.15.147
	netmask 255.255.255.0
Use Ctrl+x to save the file. The eht0 IP address is now 169.254.15.147
6. Reboot the Raspberry Pi (use the sudo reboot command in the terminal)
6. On your computer, download VNCViewer
7. Connect your computer and the Raspberry Pi using the ethernet cable
8. Create a new connection in VNCViewer, the VNC server should be 169.254.15.147, the name can be anything (ex: Pi)
9. You can now access the Raspberry Pi remotely using VNCViewer and an ethernat cable. You don't need an external monitor, mouse or keyboard
 


